hello you to LA you tube this is ttg
10th lobbies on xbox live 10 Percy's
lobbies on YouTube and cod 10th lobbies
on the tech game okay so my last video
was in modern warfare 2 video simulation
of all the stuff like you get in my
lobby and stuff but now I host in call
of duty 4 so I'll show you a video
simulation of what you'll get in my
caller duty for simulation today we will
be doing a system link just to show you
i will be using a random profile that is
not all 10 prestige at all so we're just
going to load up x6 menu
she's going to go to games ecology for
then we're going to scroll down all the
way to the defaults and PX DX there we
go so let this load as you can see this
on 10th prestige profile is waiting for
the hosts which will be me in the jtag
okay so let's just go to system link and
little make a game Oh will not join a
game let's create a game doesn't matter
we'll do free-for-all and we'll change
the time to unlimited okay so let's
start the match we're starting the match
on the jtag so let's move over to the NJ
tactics box and let's click x to refresh
as you can see eggs xenon jtag is the
host so let's just play with him ok so
it's loading
we'll click any game on the jtag xbox
any gun we want so there you go but when
we go to the lunge a time out skating
10th prestige of this profile that's
getting thai prestige we just click any
gun you'll see it too but you'll see in
the corner stats loaded hold guns and
locks in your now 10th prestige so then
that's it and then you just back out
your 10th prestige you got everything
you don't have to you know what I mean
you know it takes very fast to do okay
so then now I would be 10 perceived in
Xbox Live thank you for watching this
video my like I said my youtube name is
10th prestige lobbies my gamertag is ttg
10th lobbies all caps and my tech game
username is called cod 10th lobbys all
caps to thank you guys for watching call
of duty 4 is fifteen dollars paypal if
you want and modern warfare 2 is twenty
dollars paypal thank you for watching
and please message me if you want 10th
prestige in any two of these thank you
goodbye